dictionary.values()
The values() method returns a view object. The view object contains the values of the dictionary, as a list.
The view object will reflect any changes done to the dictionary
no parameter


dictionary.items()
Return the dictionary's key-value pairs
The items() method returns a view object. The view object contains the key-value pairs of the dictionary, as tuples in a list
When an item in the dictionary changes value, the view object also gets updated
no parameter


dictionary.keys()
The keys() method returns a view object. The view object contains the keys of the dictionary, as a list
When an item in the dictionary changes value, the view object also gets updated:
no parameter


dictionary.clear()
The clear() method removes all the elements from a dictionary
no parameter


dictionary.copy()
The copy() method returns a copy of the specified dictionary
no parameter


dictionary.pop(keyname, defaultvalue)
The pop() method removes the specified item from the dictionary
The value of the removed item is the return value of the pop() method
keyname - Required. The keyname of the item you want to remove
defaultvalue - Optional. A value to return if the specified key do not exist
If this parameter is not specified, and the no item with the specified key is found, an error is raised


dictionary.popitem()
The popitem() method removes the last item from dictionary. In versions before 3.7, the popitem() method removes a random item
no parameter


dictionary.update(iterable)
The update() method inserts the specified items to the dictionary
The specified items can be a dictionary, or an iterable object with key value pairs
iterable - Required. A dictionary or an iterable object with key value pairs, that will be inserted to the dictionary


dict.fromkeys(keys, value)
The fromkeys() method returns a dictionary with the specified keys and the specified value
keys - Required. An iterable specifying the keys of the new dictionary
value - Optional. The value for all keys. Default value is None


dictionary.get(keyname, value)
The get() method returns the value of the item with the specified key
keyname	- Required. The keyname of the item you want to return the value from
value - Optional. A value to return if the specified key does not exist. Default value None


dictionary.setdefault(keyname, value)
The setdefault() method returns the value of the item with the specified key.
If the key does not exist, insert the key, with the specified value
keyname - Required. The keyname of the item you want to return the value from
value - Optional. If the key exist, this parameter has no effect. If the key does not exist, this value becomes the key's value. Default value None